 Laboratory was connected to Google Drive. Let's click on OK. And look at that. It has successfully been installed. Let's click on Done. Now you can close out this window. Let's now go back to the top left-hand corner, click on the new button again. Then go down to more. And here you should now see an option for Google Collaboratory. Let's click on this one. This drops us into the Google Collaboratory space. And at first glance, it might look a little bit intimidating, but trust me, this is going to be so easy. And the results are going to be so good. In the top left-hand corner, first off, let's give our file a name. This way you could find your way back to this in the future. I'll click on Untitled. Let's double-click on that. And here I'll type in Transcribe Audio. Here, I'll click away. And that's now the name of the file. Next, let's click on the menu titled Run Time. And right here, there's the option for change Run Time Type. Let's click on that. And that opens up this dialogue where we can choose the hardware accelerator. Be sure to select GPU or a graphics card. It turns out that graphics cards run these models extremely well. Next, let's click on Save. Next, we need to install Whisper AI. So let's go up to this field right up above where we can enter and code. And here, I'll enter this in. You'll find this into Description, so you can simply copy and paste it from there. First, we're going to install Whisper. And we're getting this from GitHub. This is where all of the code is kept and also maintained. Once we get that, we're going to install something called FFMPEG. And this allows us to work with audio and video files. And although I say we're going to install it, don't worry, we're not installing anything on your computer. This is installing it all to the Google Collaboratory. Once you're all set over on the left hand side, let's click on this run icon. This will now go through and install Whisper and also FFMPEG. And it looks like the installation finished in about 23 seconds, not too bad. Over on the left hand side, let's click on this folder icon. And you can now drag in an audio file or a video file that you would like to transcribe. Here, I have an MP3 file and I'll simply drop this in. Here it says that the uploaded files will get deleted when this runtime is recycled. That's OK, so let's click on OK. And now we can see that the file has been succeeded.