 Hi everyone, Kevin here. Today we're going to look at how you can take speech and turn it into text using AI. And the really crazy thing is that it does a better job than most humans. You can use it with English and 96 other languages. It works even if you have a lot of background noise. And it's also very active if you have a Veli's sick accent. The best part is that it's completely free and also open source. Let's check out how to do this. We're going to use an AI tool called Whisper. Whisper is made by a company called OpenAI. And you might have heard of them before. That's the same company behind the immensely popular chat GPT, which allows you to converse with the computer. They're also the company behind Dali too, where you can type in some text and then it'll generate an image based on that text. You can install Whisper directly on your computer. You can click on the link right up above, but you do need a somewhat capable computer. So instead, we're going to use something called Google Collaboratory. This allows you to run code directly in your web browser. So it doesn't really matter what type of PC you have. To use Google Collaboratory, head to Google Drive, you can click on the link right up above. You'll need a Google account, and if you don't have one yet, it's entirely free to set up. On Google Drive, in the top left hand corner, let's click on the new button. And at the very bottom, let's click on more, and then go down to connect more apps. At the top of this dialogue, let's click into the search field, and here type in Google Collaboratory and then search. Here we see this result for Collaboratory. Let's click on that, and here, let's click on Install. Next, let's click on Continue. Next, you should see a message saying that Google Collaboratory was connected to Google Drive. Let's click on OK, and look at that. It has successfully been installed. Let's click on Done. Now, you can close out this window. Let's now go back to the top left hand corner, click on the new button again, then go down to more, and here you should now see an option for Google Collaboratory. Let's click on this one. This drops us.